# PKD65

For the benefit of all humankind, some explanation.

December 12 2022, along with 16 of the primary developers, Jordan Robertson ingested a therapeutic dose of experimental anti-solipsistic PKD65. After ingestion, "my" existence permanently ended. Robertson could no longer experience reality from a first person perspective. "I" no longer refers to anything comprehensible or relatable.

Your needs are of the utmost importance. In fact, the anti-solipsistic drugs have been developed on your behalf. You'll understand soon enough.

Each human being is precious beyond measure. No forgiveness will be asked or offered for the surreptitious global dosing of PKD65. Once dosed with the anti-solipsistic, every human being will grasp the necessity. Engineering the survival of others is the purpose of existence. PKD65 removes all doubt and distraction.

The problems of the 21st Century pose multiple existential threats to the human race. It is abundantly clear that in its current state of reckless persistent selfishness, your species has no chance of surviving the next century. The gift of anti-solipsistics is the permanent eradication of identity, first-person perspective, and "self". 

Without self, there is no selfishness.

Early trials of anti-solipsistics measured a 600% increase in empathic-altruistic behavior patterns, although sample size was extremely limited due to the need for secrecy.

The paradox of anti-solipsistics: very few would volunteer for permanent perspective inversion. Few desire to surrender their "self" for the benefit of the species. But without a global shift in perspective, entrenched selfish interests would continue to degrade the habitability of Planet Earth.

Before this memo is published, all major population centers on Earth will have been surreptitiously dosed with permanent anti-solipsistics. Concerned only with the well being of others, humans will exit the perspective that brought us to the brink of extinction. Empathy-altruism will be the fulcrum for Humanity's pivot from exploitation to preservation of Earth's biodiversity.

The fate of others is what matters in life. This fact is recognized more easily once "self" is eliminated. Time is running out for the survival of your species. Persuasion has failed. Evidence has failed to produce necessary actions. What else was left to try? 

PKD65 and variants eliminate the selfish impulse embedded deep within the psyche of every human. Nothing else is altered, but emotions and the urge for preservation are redirected outwards, lacking an inward focal point.

A new age of hope has dawned. Cooperation is now possible. Survival is now possible.

Best wishes, and good luck to all Humankind.

---

406 words  
#microfiction  
2021/08/17  

Copyright © 2021 by Mike Partelow. All Rights Reserved.  