# Slate

Slate opened their eyes and sat up. They climbed out of the acceleration couch and walked over to the Ops console. Contact indicator flashed. Deceleration indicator also flashed. 

They opened the Disposition Index. Contact Disposition had been loaded into the Catalogue before Swift Sincerity launched. That section of the Catalogue had been destroyed by micro-meteor impact early in the mission, as the starship accelerated beyond the Heliopause.

There were no available substitutes for Contact Disposition. Slate could try to improvise with no Disposition Aligned, but that would be reckless. This was the mission's first Contact encounter. In fact, it was Humanity's first.

Slate had launched aboard Swift Sincerity 132 years ago, ship subjective time. During that time, Slate had logged 47 days of Waketime (subjective) across 62 encounters, all astronomical curiosities. Most encounters were brief, lasting only long enough for Slate to awaken, Align a Disposition, experience the grandeur or technical spectacle of the encounter, and queue an Experience Brief for Earthward transmission. Disposition Alignment was always reversed before Slate re-entered Sleeptime.

Swift Sincerity was not programmed to decelerate for most encounters. Contact was an exception. 

After the Hell Centuries, Humanity had clawed its way back up the civilizational ladder, restoring the skies and seas. Emerging from the caves for the second time in its history, Humanity blossomed, but this time with compassion and restraint. Nothing was worth poisoning Home again.

Slate surveyed the few intact Dispositions. Only Evasion, Engineering, and Awe categories remained. Slate selected Awe Subvariant 3 (Unexpected) and closed their eyes, preparing for Alignment. The process took only a few seconds. While Alignment finished, Swift Sincerity assumed constant velocity to match the trajectory of the alien ship.

Ennui had overtaken Humankind. No one wanted a return to the conflict, destruction and despair of the Hell Centuries. Fully mapped and explored, the Solar System offered little enticement to human curiosity. The stars, distant, unknown, realm of Mystery and Awe, seemed forever unreachable. Until the development of Dispositionless Drive.

There were practical reasons for offloading human personality traits during spaceflight. Bodies are fragile, even when strapped to acceleration couches and pumped full of accel-gel. Copies of personality traits, stored in ship memory banks, could be Aligned to cloned bodies, effectively extending crew lifespans towards infinite. Loss of life from the usual hazards of space travel need not imperil the mission. Traits could be replicated and Aligned on demand according to circumstances.

These benefits were only  knock-on effects. At Swift Sincerity's launch, it remained unexplained why embodied human personality imposed a hard limit on starship acceleration, although the effect was well established. Offloading personality was not merely a convenience for interstellar travel. It was a requirement.

Slate wondered if Earth had resolved that mystery. Centuries had passed on Earth since their departure. Communications were one-way. Slate would never know the answer unless they discovered it on their own.

Peering out the viewport, rapt, Slate was nearly overcome with the awesome weight of the moment. The first alien encounter in Earth's history. A soothing green light swept through the cabin. Transmission indicator flashed. 

Slate gasped. They were not Aligned for Surprise, the emotion was purely spontaneous. The Disposition Index had updated, now enumerating tens of thousands of Dispositions, far more than Swift Sincerity had launched with. Far more than mission command had expected to accumulate in flight.

Surprise quickly gave way to Awe, and Slate was again overwhelmed. What incredible fortune, so far from home, in such a vulnerable, reduced capacity, to encounter such dazzling generosity, such compassion!

Slate marveled at the broad diversity of Dispositions now at their disposal, but suffered no indecision about which to Align first. They reclined on the Alignment couch, closed their eyes, and queued up Gratitude.

---

621 words  
#microfiction  
2022/02/19  

Copyright © 2022 by Mike Partelow. All Rights Reserved.  