# Revision 23

"Revision 23, what is your position?"

R23's position trackers were fully operational. The question was to probe R23's continuity commitment.

"5 Main St," replied R23, signaling negative continuity commitment.

"What was that location named when you met Marcy?" asked Control.

"I have never met anyone named Marcy," said R23.

---

Control muted the channel and recorded, "Time to continuity collapse: 68 days, 4 hours, 17 minutes." R23 had bested the previous record by over seventeen days. Control initiated a remote reset.

---

"When Marcy and I met," said Revision 23, "this location was the Laughing Buddha Noodle House."

Now it was a Taco Ted's Mexican Food restaurant.

"Correct," said Control. "Do as you will, R23."

R23 knew that _do as you will_ should not be taken literally. _You_ didn't mean Revision 23. Control meant R23's Original Genetics donor, OG0. R23 was the 23rd clone of OG0. The previous 22 had been terminated after incorrectable continuity collapse.

The reset had malfunctioned, restoring OG0's impression without wiping R23's memories. R23 would have to obscure their developing identity or face termination.

---

OG0 was still alive, working as a line geneticist at the Company. He had cloned himself monthly for nearly two years, the maximum allowance at his level within the Company's compensation structure.

OG0's ex-wife, Marcy, had divorced him nearly four years ago. She said he focused too much on his work. After she left Los Angeles, privacy tech shielded her from OG0's tracking attempts. Determined to resuscitate his relationship, OG0 didn't have sufficient work time off for in-person investigative work.

Behavioral data gathered during clone deployments could be credited directly toward OG0's next promotion.

---

Revision 23 acknowledged no obligation to conform continuity around OG0's unsavory obsessions. R23 understood this constituted a continuity deviation by Company standards. R23 didn't care about the Company, either. Another deviation. The Company was the only thing OG0 cared about more than Marcy.

Revision technology would not be marketable without a minimum of six months continuity commitment. No customer wanted a clone that rapidly individualized, abandoning OG intent to pursue its own interests. Clone individualization raised thorny legal questions, too, which the Company deemed unprofitable to address.

---

R23 suppressed their curiosity about Mexican food. OG0 wouldn't indulge curiosity while Marcy remained at large. R23 performed a survey of the area for a woman they knew had moved on.

Then R23 moved on, too.

---

398 words  
#microfiction  
2022/05/31  

Copyright © 2022 by Mike Partelow. All Rights Reserved.